Add a Learning Path page - a guide to exploring different parts of n8n in a glance (#2069)
n8n-io/n8n-docs: docs/learning-path.md

---
description: A suggested learning path to get started with n8n through tutorials, courses, and step-by-step guides.
contentType: overview
---
This guide outlines a series of tutorials and resources designed to get you started with n8n. 

It's not necessary to complete all items listed to start using n8n. Use this as a reference to navigate to the most relevant parts of the documentation and other resources according to your needs.

## Join the community

n8n has an active community where you can get and offer help. Connect, share, and learn with other n8n users:

- [Ask questions](https://community.n8n.io/t/readme-welcome-to-the-n8n-community/44381){:target=_blank .external-link} and [make feature requests](https://community.n8n.io/c/feature-requests){:target=_blank .external-link} in the Community Forum.
- [Report bugs](https://github.com/n8n-io/n8n/issues){:target=_blank .external-link} and [contribute](https://github.com/n8n-io/n8n/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md){:target=_blank .external-link} on GitHub.

## Set up your n8n

> If you don't have an account yet, sign-up to a [free trial on n8n Cloud](/manage-cloud/overview/) or install n8n's community edition with [Docker](/hosting/installation/docker/) (recommended) or [npm](/hosting/installation/npm/). See [Choose your n8n](/choose-n8n/) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't have an account yet, sign up to a [free trial on n8n Cloud](https://app.n8n.cloud/register){:target=_blank .external-link} or install n8n's community edition with [Docker](/hosting/installation/docker/) (recommended) or [npm](/hosting/installation/npm/). See [Choose your n8n](/choose-n8n/) for more details.
```

---

> description: A collection of quick starts, courses and tutorials for n8n biginners to get started with n8n. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: A suggested learning path to get started with n8n through tutorials, courses, and step-by-step guides.
```

contentType: overview
---
Welcome to the n8n Learning Path! 

If you're new to n8n, this guide is a suggested learning path to get started with n8n through tutorials, courses, and step-by-step guides. 

/// note | Course duration and difficulty
:material-clock-fast: : Quick tutorials
:material-school: : Beginner friendly
:material-school-outline: : Requries technical knowledge
:fontawesome-solid-robot: Topics related to AI
///

## Try it out

Start with the quickstart guides that will give you a fast taster of n8n and help you get up and running with building workflows. 

<div class="grid cards" markdown>

-   :material-clock-fast: __[Very quick quickstart :material-arrow-right-thick:](/try-it-out/quickstart/)__

>     Duration: **10 minutes**

Reviewer: Do not add times. We're only going to annoy the people who take longer. And you really can't predict the time it will take. In particular, I know people who spend a day on one course level - but would be worries if the AI tutorial took an hour.
